FF132 Expr/Relnote: CloseWatcher (#36336)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/132/index.md

  This enables a fetch request to function as an alternative to {{domxref("Navigator.sendBeacon()")}} when sending analytics at the end of a session, which has some advantages (you can use HTTP methods other than [`POST`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods/POST), customize request properties, and access the server response via the fetch {{jsxref("Promise")}} fulfillment). It is also available in [service workers](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Service_Worker_API). ([Firefox bug 1906952](https://bugzil.la/1906952)).

- **`CloseWatcher`**: <code>dom.closewatcher.enabled</code>.

>   The {{domxref("CloseWatcher")}} interface enables developers to implement components that can be closed using device-native mechanisms, in the same way as built-in components. For example, in Windows you can close a modal dialog using the <kbd>Esc</kbd> key: this interface allows you to similarly close a custom sidebar. ([Firefox bug 1888729](https://bugzil.la/1888729)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The {{domxref("CloseWatcher")}} interface enables developers to implement components that can be closed using device-native mechanisms, in the same way as built-in components. For example, on Android you can close a dialog using the back button: this interface allows you to similarly close a custom sidebar. ([Firefox bug 1888729](https://bugzil.la/1888729)).
```
